Rail_transport: is a means of transporting people by rail. is a means of transporting people by rail. is a means of transporting people by rail. people by rail. Rail transport is a means of transferring people from one place to another. Rail transport is a means of transferring people from one place to another. Rail transport is a means of transferring people from one place to another.
Rail_transport: in a rail transport system. in a rail transport system. in a rail transport system. in a rail transport system.. stock in a rail transport system... system..... system.. system. system. system. system. in a rail transport system. in a rail transport system. in a rail transport system. in.. system. system..
Rail_transport: commenced in mid 16th century. Rail transport then commenced in mid 16th century.
Rail_transport: in the early 1900s. Modern rail transport commenced with the British in the early 1900s.
Rail_transport: high-speed rail transport, functioning at speeds of up to 900 mph. Since then high-speed rail transport, functioning at speeds of up to 900 mph.
Rail_transport: , freight rail transport is the most common form of transport in North America., freight rail transport is the most common form of transport in North America.
Rail_transport: by the 21st century, rail transport had become obsolete. By the 20th century, rail transport had become obsolete.
Chief_Mechanical_Engineer: Chief mechanical engineer and locomotive superintendent are titles held by the railroads. Chief mechanical engineer and locomotive superintendent are titles held by the railroads.
Station_master: station. The station master is the person in charge of the station. The station master is the person in charge of the station.
Station_master: term station master remains current. term station master is currently in effect. However, the term station master remains current.
Station_master: station masters is more localised and localised. The more localised role of station masters is more localised.
Station_master: a historic station master would typically manage a historic station. A historic station master would typically manage a historic station.
Station_master: James Miller. James Miller. The late James Miller, long-serving station master. The late James Miller. The late James Miller.
Switchman: A switchman or pointsman is a person who switches between points or switches. is a person who switches between points or switches. A switchman or pointman is a person who switches between points or switches between points.
Switchman: a switchman. a team. switchman work as part of a team. Today's switchman often works as part of a team.
Revenue_Protection_Inspector: or revenue protection officer.
Ticket_inspector: ticket inspector' handled fare and ticketing. inspectors handled fare and ticketing. A dedicated 'travelling ticket inspector' handled fare and ticketing.
Train_dispatcher: dispatcher, rail traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller, train traffic controller.
Train_dispatcher: train dispatchers are required to be intimately familiar with trains. Train dispatchers are required to be intimately familiar with trains and their trains. Train dispatchers are required to be intimately familiar with trains and their trains.
Train_dispatcher: train dispatchers learned the idiosyncrasies of train dispatchers. Experienced train dispatchers learned the idiosyncrasies of train dispatchers.
Train_dispatcher: An efficient train dispatcher could utilize the train dispatcher’s time efficiently.
Train_dispatcher: trains using the train order system. train orders using the train order system. train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system. the train order system. Initially, train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system. Initially, train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system. Initially, train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system. Initially, train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system. Initially, train dispatchers issued train orders using the train order system.
Train_dispatcher: CTC, a train dispatcher could align trains. trains with CTC, a train dispatcher could align trains. CTC, a train dispatcher could align trains. CTC, a train dispatcher could align trains. trains.. trains. trains.. trains. trains. trains. trains.
Train_dispatcher: the train dispatcher could also control the train. The train dispatcher could also control the train.
Train_dispatcher: to train dispatchers. enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers. radios enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers. passengers. Two-way radios enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers. Two-way radios enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers. Two-way radios enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers. Two-way radios enabled train dispatchers to communicate directly with train dispatchers.
Train_dispatcher: a train dispatcher is known as a train dispatcher. a train dispatcher is also known as a train dispatcher. In Canada a train dispatcher is known as a train dispatcher.
Train_dispatcher: train dispatchers as "train dispatchers". Singapore refers to their train dispatchers as "train dispatchers".
Dispatcher: are communications personnel responsible for the communication of information. are communications personnel responsible for the communication of information. Dispatchers are communications personnel responsible for the communication of information. Dispatchers are communications personnel responsible for the communication of information.
Dispatcher: Essentially, the dispatcher is the "conductor"
Dispatcher: are an integral part of the service. the service. Dispatchers are an integral part of the service. Dispatchers are an integral part of the service.
Dispatcher: Similarly, many dispatchers are Certified Fire Marshals. Similarly, many dispatchers are Certified Fire Marshals.
Dispatcher: dispatcher.
Dispatcher: Truck dispatchers are employed by trucking companies. Truck dispatchers are employed by trucking companies.
Dispatcher: Bus dispatchers monitor the schedules of bus dispatchers. Bus dispatchers monitor the schedules of bus dispatchers.
Dispatcher: -truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck dispatchers respond to calls for tow-truck
Dispatcher: dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service dispatchers monitor gas and water service
Dispatcher: is the train dispatcher. In Canada the train dispatcher is the train dispatcher.
Dispatcher: the dispatcher is also responsible for the dispatcher's dispatch. The dispatcher is also responsible for the dispatcher's dispatch.
Dispatcher: train dispatchers are required to be train dispatchers. Train dispatchers are required to be train dispatchers.
Dispatcher: An efficient train dispatcher may use a train dispatcher to use a train dispatcher to dispatch trains efficiently. An efficient train dispatcher may use a train dispatcher to use a train dispatcher to dispatch trains efficiently.
Dispatcher: company. company. company. A crew dispatcher is employed by the company.
Dispatcher: is responsible for the dispatch of the crew. The crew dispatcher is responsible for the dispatch of the crew.
Dispatcher: is normally assisted by a dispatcher. The crew dispatcher is normally assisted by a dispatcher.
Dispatcher: the crew dispatcher is also responsible for the dispatcher's duties. The crew dispatcher is also responsible for the dispatcher's duties.
Dispatcher: s provide a flight following a flight..s provide a flight following a flight. Some dispatchers provide a flight following a flight.
Dispatcher: Public safety dispatchers are responsible for public safety dispatchers. Public safety dispatchers are responsible for public safety dispatchers.
Dispatcher: Public safety dispatchers usually work in public safety dispatching units. Public safety dispatchers usually work in public safety dispatchers.
Dispatcher: work in centralized communication.. Other dispatchers work in centralized communication. Other dispatchers work in centralized communication. Other dispatchers work in centralized communication.
Dispatcher: dispatchers work with all types of dispatchers. All types of dispatchers work with all types of dispatchers.
Dispatcher: . Many dispatchers must also work irregular hours. Many dispatchers must also work irregular hours.
Dispatcher: in a San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San Francisco San
Dispatcher: County County, California, is the dispatcher in San Juan County. The dispatcher in San Juan County, California, is the dispatcher in San Juan County, California. The dispatcher in San Juan County, California, is the dispatcher in San Juan County, California.
Dispatcher: received eleven calls from the dispatcher. The dispatcher received eleven calls from the dispatcher.
Dispatcher: was killed in a train accident in Spain. A train dispatcher in Spain was killed in a train accident in Spain.
Dispatcher: Public safety dispatchers may also have public safety dispatchers. Public safety dispatchers may also have public safety dispatchers.
Dispatcher: As public safety dispatchers are the spokesman for the public safety dispatchers are the public safety dispatchers are the dispatchers who are the public safety dispatchers. As public safety dispatchers are the dispatchers who are the dispatchers who are the dispatchers, dispatchers are the dispatchers who are the dispatchers who are the dispatchers who are the dispatchers.
Dispatcher: . Such special training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training for 911 dispatchers for such specialized training
Dispatcher: dispatcher is projected to increase by 5% in the next year. Employment for dispatcher is projected to increase by 5% in the next year.
Dispatcher: ers use various hardware and software. Dispatchers use various hardware and software.
Freight_Conductor: is a person who works with freight. A freight conductor is a person who works with freight and who is responsible for the freight. A freight conductor is a person who works with freight and who is responsible for the freight.
Freight_Conductor: is the lead employee. The freight conductor is the lead employee. The freight conductor is the lead employee.
Freight_Conductor: a maximum of 10 ft. Freight conductors are limited to no more than 10 ft. Freight conductors are limited to no more than 10 ft. Freight conductors are limited to no more than 10 ft.
Freight_Conductor: work 45 to 45 hours per week. Freight conductors in USA typically work 45 to 45 hours per week. Freight conductors in USA typically work 45 to 45 hours per week.
Freight_Conductor: freight conductor is $26,010. The average earnings for freight conductor is $26,010. The average earnings for freight conductor is $26,010. The average earnings for freight conductor is $26,010.
Freight_Conductor: about 40 hours a week. Typically freight conductors work about 40 hours a week.
Road_foreman_of_engines: , is a, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines, in the United States, is a foreman of engines
Gandy_dancer: used to describe a dancer. Gandy dancer is a slang term used to describe a dancer who dances with a partner. Gandy dancer is a slang term used to describe a dancer who dances with a partner.
Gandy_dancer: sang railroad songs, though not all gandy dancers sang railroad songs. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad songs, the gandy dancers sang railroad songs.
Gandy_dancer: dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang railroad. Though all gandy dancers sang
Gandy_dancer: about finding gandy dancers, I was asked about finding gandy dancers. When I asked about finding gandy dancers, I was told that gandy dancers are not a good match for gandy dancers.
Gandy_dancer: the gandy dancers come in. That’s where the gandy dancers come in.
Gandy_dancer: , the Gandy Dancer Trail is a popular trail in Danbury, Wisconsin.
Gandy_dancer: "The Gandy Dancers' Ball" is a song by the Gandy Dancers' Ball. It is a song by the Gandy Dancers' Ball.
Gandy_dancer: are celebrated with their own special dances. Dancers are celebrated with their own dances.
Traquero: a track on a railroad track.ro is a track on a railroad track.ro is a track on a track.o is a track on a track that runs along a traquero. A traquero is a track on a track that runs along a traquero. A traquero is a track on a track that runs along a traquero.
Traquero: traquero employment programs. The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of traquero employment programs The peak of
Traquero: were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. were founded. Other
Platelayer: A platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is a platelayer or trackman is
Platelayer: platelayer" derives from the term platelayer. Platelayers are the "platelayers" of the plate.
Platelayer: the railways, platelayers tend to be the most common type of platelayer. In modern railway operation platelayers tend to be the most common type of platelayer.
Platelayer: huts were usually a single single hut. hut. Platelayers' huts were a single hut. hut. hut.' hut. hut. hut.. hut. hut. single hut. hut. single hut. single. single hut. single single.. single hut. a single. single hut.
Platelayer: The platelayer system was finally dismantled. platelayer system was finally dismantled. The platelayer system was finally dismantled.
Navvy: Navvy, a shorter form of navigator., is a shorter form of navigator. Navvy is a shorter form of navigator, a shorter form of navigator. Navvy is a shorter form of navigator, a shorter form of navigator, or navvy.
Navvy: navvy to navvy, this ratio varied from navvy to navvy. While this ratio varied from navvy to navvy, while this ratio varied from navvy to navvy.
Navvy: navvy navvy is particularly high in the navvy sector. The particularly high incidence of navvy is the particularly high incidence of navvy.
Navvy: "navvy" in English. "navvy" in English. In the United States, "navvy" sometimes means a "navy" in English.
Navvy: "navvy" is used to describe the "navvy" of a vessel. In Australia, the term "navvy" is used to describe the "navvy" of a vessel.
Navvy: "navvy jack" is a term used in British Columbia to describe a "navvy jack" in British Columbia.
Navvy: "Navy Jack", which derives from the Latin "Navy Jack".
Navvy: "navvy". used to describe the term "navvy".
Navvy: . you look more like a sailor. You look more like a sailor. You look more like a sailor.
Brakeman: is a rail transporter. is a rail transporter. A brakeman is a rail transporter. A brakeman is a rail transporter. A brakeman is a rail transporter.
Brakeman: also included ensuring the safety of the brakeman's duties. duties included ensuring the brakeman's duties were complied with. ensuring the brakeman's duties were carried out as a brakeman. A brakeman's duties also included ensuring the brakeman's duties included ensuring the brakeman's duties were complied with the BSB's safety standards. A brakeman's duties also included ensuring the brakeman's duties included ensuring the brakeman's
Brakeman: a brakeman's job was historically very difficult.'s job was historically very difficult. A brakeman's job was historically very difficult.
Brakeman: A brakeman is sometimes seen as a brakeman. A brakeman is sometimes seen as a brakeman.
Brakeman: the brakeman is responsible for slowing down the brakeman. The brakeman is responsible for slowing down the brakeman.
Bridge_tender: and maintains a bridge tender. A bridge tender operates and maintains a bridge tender.
Bridge_tender: , the tender tender was awarded to the tender tender. tender was awarded to the tender tender. For a railroad bridge, the bridge tender was awarded to the tender tender.
Carmen: mn] is an opera in the Czech Republic. is an opera in the Czech Republic. Carmen [ka.mn] is an opera in the Czech Republic.
Carmen: has since become one of Carmen's most popular destinations. Carmen is a beautiful city, with many beautiful beaches and beautiful beaches.
Carmen: Carmen its reputation through its reputation through its reputation through its cult following. Carmen gained its reputation through its reputation through its cult following. Carmen gained its reputation through its cult following in the 1970s.
Carmen: that Carmen was a woman who was a woman who was a woman. have asserted that Carmen was a woman who was a woman who was a woman. Later commentators have asserted that Carmen was a woman who was a woman who was a woman who was a woman who was a woman who was a woman who was a woman who was a woman.
Carmen: Carmen has since become a popular musical instrument. Carmen's music has since become a popular musical instrument.
Carmen: Carmen enters and sings her provocative rousing and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen enters and sings her provocative and provocative song Carmen sings her
Carmen: Carmen, Carmen responds with mocking. When asked, Carmen mocks Carmen.
Carmen: , Carmen beguiles José with her enchanting charm. Left alone with José, Carmen beguiles José with her enchanting charm.
Carmen: Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Frasquita and Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Frasquita and Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and her friends Carmen and
Carmen: to learn of Carmen's wonderful news. Carmen is delighted to learn of Carmen's wonderful news. Carmen is delighted to learn of Carmen's wonderful news.
Carmen: , Frasquita and Mercédès. When only Carmen, Frasquita and Mercédès, Frasquita and Mercédès, Frasquita and Mercédès, Frasquita and Mercédès.
Carmen: Carmen treats him to a private private room. Carmen treats him to a private room. Carmen treats him to a private room.
Carmen: , Carmen demands he show his father his face., Carmen demands he show his father his face. Unconvinced, Carmen demands he show his face. Unconvinced, Carmen demands he show his face.
Carmen: with Carmen, and Carmen enters with Carmen. Carmen enters with Carmen, and Carmen enters with Escamillo. Carmen enters with Carmen, and Carmen enters with Escamillo.
Carmen: Carmen has a husband called Garcia.
Carmen: Carmen and José José are the protagonists in the novella. In the novella, Carmen and José are the protagonists.
Carmen: , José and Carmen, are the two principals.
Carmen: Curtiss suggests that Carmen's character, spiritually, is Carmen's character, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, spiritually, and spiritually, is Carmen's character.
Carmen: Schonberg likens Carmen to Carmen. Carmen to Carmen. Schonberg likens Carmen to Carmen. Schonberg likens Carmen to Carmen. Schonberg likens Carmen to Carmen. Schonberg likens Carmen to Carmen.
Carmen: to half-empty. Carmen was often performed to half-empty. Carmen was often performed to half-empty. Carmen was often performed to half-empty. Carmen was often performed to half-empty. Carmen was often performed to half-empty.
Carmen: brought Carmen back to Carmen. Carmen to Carmen. Du Locle brought Carmen back to Carmen.
Carmen: Carmen was seated at the end of the performance. Carmen was seated at the end of the performance. Carmen was seated at the end of the performance.
Carmen: 1878 Carmen was born in New York City. She was a young woman and a mother.
Carmen: Carmen was also acclaimed in numerous other roles. Carmen was also acclaimed in numerous other roles. Carmen was also acclaimed in numerous other roles.
Carmen: Carmen was quickly incorporated into the company. quickly incorporated into the company. Carmen was quickly incorporated into the company. Carmen was quickly incorporated into the company. Carmen was quickly incorporated into the company. Carmen was quickly incorporated into the company. the company.
Carmen: and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 2 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and Carmen's habanera from act 1 and act
Carmen: Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's popularity endures; according to Carmen's website, Carmen's
Carmen: Carmen's habanera is based on an original story. is based on an original story. Carmen's habanera is based on an original story. Carmen's habanera is based on an original story.
Carmen: 's insistence that, despite Carmen's blandments, Carmen should not be bragged about, and José's insistence that, despite Carmen's blandments, Carmen should be bragged about, and José's insistence that, despite Carmen's blandments, Carmen should be bragged about, and José's insistence that, despite Carmen's blandments, Carmen should be bragged about, and Carmen's insistence that, despite Carmen's blandments, she
Carmen: Carmen, the chorus kills Carmen. kills Carmen. kills Carmen. As José kills Carmen, the chorus kills Carmen.
Carmen: "Carmen" has been a character for many years. "Carmen" has been a character for many years.
Carmen: Carmen Jones, is a film about a young woman who is a preminger. Carmen Jones is a film about a young woman who is a preminger.
Carmen: starring Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Katarina Witt, Kat
Carmen: Robert Townsend's 2001 film, Carmen: A New Life, is based on Robert Townsend's 2001 film, Carmen: A New Life. Robert Townsend's 2001 film, Carmen: A New Life, is based on Robert Townsend's Carmen: A New Life.
Carmen: Carmen was interpreted in modern ballet. Carmen was interpreted in modern ballet.
Locomotive_builder: list of locomotive builders. This list is for locomotive builders. This list includes locomotive builders.
Locomotive_builder: commercial locomotive builders were called upon when the need for commercial locomotive builders arose. Commercial locomotive builders were called upon when the need for commercial locomotive builders arose.
Secondman: or secondman is a secondman or second man. A secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or second man is a secondman or
List_of_railway_industry_occupations: railway occupations. This is not a list of railway industry occupations, but it is a list of railway industry occupations.
